# SoundRobot
This project aims to utilize the combination of software programming and hardware setup in a system to identify the direction of the sound source and moves towards it. The system aims to gather data from an analog input (microphone), amplify it, convert it from analog to digital signal, decide on the location of the sound source, and send a signal to the wheels to go to the set direction. This system combines analog and digital devices to work together for the goal of reaching the sound source. There are mechanisms that would keep this signal accurate even when the wheels are running. The system contains audio band filtering to filter out all the noises and wheel sounds. This system hardware consists of MSP432P and RSLK-MAZE. The MSP432P is used as the main microcontroller that was programmed to convert analog to digital signal and make a decision based on the inputs from both microphones. It is also used to communicate with the RSLK hardware which takes the input from the MSP and moves the wheels accordingly. The system would be able to identify if the sound is coming in-front, behind, right, or left of the car. The system is able to identify where the sound is coming from precisely using the ratio of difference of root mean squares over the average of root mean square. This is after amplifying the output of a microphone using a negative feedback loop on Op-amp, and after adjusting the gain of the circuit. The system is also programmed in a way that prevents the logic from falling into an infinite loop when the sound source is too close to one of the microphones since It would normally keep the logic going right and left indefinitely. The system is able to identify if the sound source is exactly in front of it, and would run on a very high speed to reach it faster. There’s also an internal mode activated by pressing a button that makes the RSLK dance based on a pre-set movement set.
